It's all my fault
If anything happens later
I will step through your red envelopes
Who are Euler's family members?
Not uh doctor how is he
Do you need to write?
I accept please write
Gentlemen, the surgery was a success
Miss Ou has woken up
Euler, are you okay?
Euler, I'm here.
It's over now this scene is a little out of control
What to do now
Euler who is he
No, I have to pretend to have amnesia
I don't remember.
Who are you?
Euler
Don't you remember? You got hurt because of me.
You shut up
Euler got hurt because he took the knife for me
Miss Ou is already like this, don't cause trouble again
Patients need admiration
Please don't make any noise
go out
So far.
The script has changed to the original plot
Sure enough, it can pull the plot back to the original script
Prove that my speculation is correct
Euler
From the first time I saw you
I was deeply attracted to you
And you risked your life to save me
As long as you promise to be with me
I immediately ended my engagement with Shu Xin
Will you marry me?
Sorry for falling in love with me and can't promise you.
When you appear to me